well there has meanwhile been no letup
in Israel's bombing campaign and the
humanitarian crisis is growing by the
minute in central Gaza Israeli air
strikes have again targeted a market in
the nerat refugee camp dozens have
reportedly been killed and injured it
was the only Market left that people
relied on to buy their supplies in the
north power has now been restored to the
Indonesian hospital as you can see it
went dark after running out of fuel but
the ministry has warned that a total
collapse of the health system is
imminent and more Palestinians have been
killed in overnight air strikes that
targeted the jabalia and alhatti refugee
camps the health Ministry says many of
the casualties there were women and
children since this War Began on October
the 7th nearly
5,800 Palestinians have now been killed
in Gaza according to the health Ministry
in the occupied West Bank Israeli forces
have killed 96 Palestinians over the
past two weeks and in Israel the
government says more than 1,400 Israelis
were killed in hamas's military
operation well we have two of our
correspondents currently in the Gaza
Strip Han abuba is there for us in the
South standing by in KH yunas but first
let's speak to yumna alide she's in Gaza
City outside the alifa hospital yumna we
know that alifa hospital is the largest
in Gaza the bombardments have been
continuing how is everyone holding up
there well Nastasia as you can see here
in AA Hospital this area behind me now
is being prepared to be the emergency
department in the hospital after the
hospital has announced that the
emergency department is completely uh
full Inc capacity and there is no space
neither in the reception nor in the
emergency department empty to receive
injuries so now they are Sheltering this
uh this yard or the premises of the the
hospital in front of me the empty space
of this uh hospital and uh they're
Sheltering it and they're preparing it
with patient beds in a few hours now
it's going to be filled with patient
beds where they can receive those
injuries coming right from the uh or or
escorted by the ambulances to the
hospital while the hospital from the
inside continues to suffer with a lack
of fuel the ICU units and the
incubators uh for carrying uh premature
children are under direct uh
life-threatening danger uh as the fuel
is completely running out of the
hospitals the hospital has also been
trying to run few of the Departments it
has on solar uh panels and solar energy
but that uh the the consuming or the
power needed to run those departments is
huge and the solar panels that are
available are too little this is how the
situation continues to develop in the uh
in time inside the hospital you know we
know that no fuel has come in on any of
the 54 Aid trucks that have made it into
this strip but do you know if if any of
the other suppliers have made it to
alifa we were told by the Red Cross that
they have taken all the medical uh
supplies and AIDS that were uh
medications sorry to be specific about
what was sent what was sent was
medications in that humanitarian Convoy
to uh the Ministry of Health and that
the Ministry of Health will be the one
Distributing it to the hospitals but
also the Red Cross has told us that the
hospitals of the north and Gaza City are
in D need to a lot of medications and
medical resources and uh uh other
Machinery medical uh devices and
Equipment here uh where they have
completely run off or run out of of
supply and that the supply that they
already had was completely used and even
given to other hospitals so even if the
medications had been distributed to uh
hospitals like a shifa if that is what
the Ministry of Health has been saying
that it's going to distribute it to all
hospitals of the strip it's still saying
that these medications are the least to
be provided or as they say coating them
are just a drop in an ocean of the need
of these hospitals in the Gaza Strip and
the needs are so huge Y El there for us
outside alifa Hospital in Gaza City
thank you than you so much yumna well
let now let's now speak to Han abua he
joins us from KH yunes now that's in the
the south of the Gaza Strip honey the
bombardment has been continuing through
the night in both Southern and Central
Gaza Strip can you describe what you've
been seeing also just in the last few
hours yes well the mass bombardment and
air strikes continue to create more
tragedies among Palestinians in the
southern part of the Gaza Strip the part
that was was designated as a safe area
for Palestinian to evacuate to to only
people finding themselves under massive
bombardment and heavy artillery Shilling
well the scene from the hospital where
I'm reporting from Naser hospital is the
second largest public health facility in
the city of KH Unis is no different than
the scenes of FIFA complex um with the
two strikes in the past an past hour or
so the hospital is overwhelmed with
large number of casualties so the first
air strike targeted a residential home
next to uh the uh Palestinian red
Crossing Society five people pronounced
it right at the spot but there are more
people under the rebels and with keeping
that in mind the number of people who
are killed is expected to rise and just
20 minutes after that strike in the back
street of the red Cresent the Palestine
pres Society another residential home
was targeted without a warning the house
as we were told by our source was full
of people evacuees in addition to the
owner of the building who hosted the
people who ran from the northern part
and Gaza to the city of KH yunes uh we
did walk a little bit in the the
hospital course door and it's only
little space for you your footstep it's
not the the the situations are
overwhelming and we we we think the
hospital is on a brink of a catastrophe
very very soon you speak there about
being on the brink of a catastrophy we
know that the the aid needs are huge now
we were talking about the 54 trucks that
have made it into the Gaza Strip that
was explicitly intended for the south is
anyone receiving that in conun
well so far we the the plan or the
mechanism of how these are going to be
delivered are unknown and there seems to
be secrecy on the process of how these
AIDS are going to be delivered that
could be in abiding by whatever
preconditions the Israeli government uh
put forward to the United Nation as the
official body managing uh the process of
human Arian aid but we we know uh in in
in a short while ago we knew about uh
that the the Red Cross will be the
official body responsible for Medical
Aid to reach hospitals it is only the
hope of so many people that this will
reach a cha hospital because we know
that all Aid are have limited uh
geographical parameter they're all
intended to the
South H abua there with that report from
us for us from kanun thank you Hy